README.md, before:

Comp 128 - Homework #0
===

# Overview

The goal of this homework is to make sure that your development environment is setup correctly and that you can submit an
 assignment. You will correct a simple class that has one method.  Given an array of integers, the method returns a new array containing
  the subset of integers that are larger than all integers to their right in the original array.
  
For example, if the method is passed the array {13, 3, 8, 5, 4, 7} it should return {13, 8, 7}.


### Run the test and write more

1. Run the test. Right click on the class name ArrayOrderingTest. Select Run -> ArrayOrderingTest. 
2. IntellIj will run the test, but it will fail. Each test has an orange exclamation points and error messages appear in the console when they are complete.
3. The existing test is pretty simple, it just tests whether you have modified our starting code. Write a few more tests thinking carefully about potential edge cases in the input array.

### Complete the Algorithm.

1. Open ArrayOrdering.java
2. Fix the line marked "TODO" in ArrayOrdering.java.
3. Rerun the unit test AreaTest.java. Look for a green "OK" next to each test.
4. If (unit tests do not pass) goto step 2.

### Update the Readme

1. Open README.md
2. Scroll to the 'Put your readme updates here' section at the bottom.
3. Add your name, list the big-o of the algorithm you have written, and a brief sentence or two justifying it.

### Submit your assignment.
1. Commit your changes: Select the hw0 module, right click, and select Git -> Commit Directory.
2. You should see all the source files you changed with a checkmark in the popup.
3. Change the "commit" button to "commit and push" in the lower righthand corner.
4. Write an appropriate message in the comment box.
5. IMPORTANT: Select *"commit and push"* (not just commit) in the lower right.
6. Select "push" to send your changes to GitHub.
7. IntelliJ should say "push successful"
8. Visit your github site in your web browser to make sure the changes you made were pushed correctly.
9. Proclaim victory!  You've finished your first 128 homework assignment!

---
### Put your readme updates here

Your Name: 

What is the big-o of your algorithm? :

Justify your answer for Big-O :

Commit message:

Updated instructions to reflect zeroing elements

README.md, after:

Comp 128 - Homework #0
===

# Overview

The goal of this homework is to make sure that your development environment is setup correctly and that you can submit an
 assignment. You will correct a simple class that has one method.  Given an array of integers, the method returns a new array containing
  the subset of integers that are larger than all integers to their right in the original array. The other elements should be set to zero.
  
For example, if the method is passed the array {13, 3, 8, 5, 4, 7} it should return a new array of {13, 0, 8, 0, 0, 7}.


### Run the test and write more

1. Run the test. Right click on the class name ArrayOrderingTest. Select Run -> ArrayOrderingTest. 
2. IntellIj will run the test, but it will fail. Each test has an orange exclamation points and error messages appear in the console when they are complete.
3. The existing test is pretty simple, it just tests whether you have modified our starting code. Write a few more tests thinking carefully about potential edge cases in the input array.

### Complete the Algorithm.

1. Open ArrayOrdering.java
2. Fix the line marked "TODO" in ArrayOrdering.java.
3. Rerun the unit test AreaTest.java. Look for a green "OK" next to each test.
4. If (unit tests do not pass) goto step 2.

### Update the Readme

1. Open README.md
2. Scroll to the 'Put your readme updates here' section at the bottom.
3. Add your name.
4. List the big-o of the algorithm you have written, and a brief sentence or two justifying it.

*Note: For this assignment we do not care that you have an optimal solution in terms of time or space, just that it performs correctly
and that the big-o value you list matches the algorithm that you wrote.*

### Submit your assignment.
1. Commit your changes: Select the hw0 module, right click, and select Git -> Commit Directory.
2. You should see all the source files you changed with a checkmark in the popup.
3. Change the "commit" button to "commit and push" in the lower righthand corner.
4. Write an appropriate message in the comment box.
5. IMPORTANT: Select *"commit and push"* (not just commit) in the lower right.
6. Select "push" to send your changes to GitHub.
7. IntelliJ should say "push successful"
8. Visit your github site in your web browser to make sure the changes you made were pushed correctly.
9. Proclaim victory!  You've finished your first 128 homework assignment!

---
### Put your readme updates here

Your Name: 

What is the big-o of your algorithm? :

Justify your answer for Big-O :
